Replace academy links with ComHub LP links (#2386)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/database/database-migrations.md

To add your own database migrations for your plugin, you first need a plugin as a base. Therefore, you can refer to the [Plugin Base Guide](../plugin-base-guide.md).

::: info

> Refer to this video on **[Database migrations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__pWwaK6lxw)**. Also, available on our free online training ["Shopware 6 Backend Development"](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/path/shopware-backend-development-essentials).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Academy learning content in the free **Shopware Backend Development Intermediate** learning path, see

- **[Plugin Lifecycle Management](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/unit/plugin-lifecycle-management)** for plugin lifecycle and migration handling,
- **[Creating Entities](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/unit/creating-entities)** for migrations generated from custom entity definitions.
```
